README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Expo app 👋

## Project Music Player React-Native 🎵

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Participating Member.

| **Full Name**      | **ID Number** |
|-----------------|:-------------------:|
| Trương Quốc Bảo |      21017351       |
| Phan Trường Tuấn|      21030271       |

## Get started

1. Git Clone

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Bao44/music-app-player.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the app

   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```
   or with npm: 
   ```bash
    npm start
   ```



## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.

Commit message:

feat: music app and social media (#6)
* Update libary

Xóa Bài Hát

* Update Components (Avata, Button, BackButton)

* create header

* create Input

* fix library data

* create contexts

* create lib supabase

* create services

* declare module images

* create component screenwrapper

* fix index.js metroconfigs

* create Loading

* fix stylesheet

* fix stylesheet

* fix .vscode

* created component Loading

* created icons

* created images

* add layout

* add index jsx

* created screen welcome

* add login

* add signUp

* StackNavigationComponents

* home

* songs

* playlist

* artists

* Intasgram

* created child screen in tabs

* add events song

* utils song and ig

* fix styteSheet theme.radius

* implement success update image user

* implement success update image user

* update readme.md

* update readme.md

* add information readme.md

* add information readme.md

* implement newPost

* create component RichTextEditor

* fix screen ig

* fix package

* delete modal

* impletemt Rich Text Editor

* styleSheet for RichTextEditor

---------

Co-authored-by: TruongTuan003 <21030271.tuan@student.iuh.edu.vn>

README.md, after:

# Welcome to my Expo app 👋

## Project Music Player 🎵 with Media Social use React-Native and Supabase

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Participating Member.

| **Full Name**      | **ID Number** |
|-----------------|:-------------------:|
| Trương Quốc Bảo |      21017351       |
| Phan Trường Tuấn|      21030271       |

## Get started

1. Git Clone

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Bao44/music-app-player.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the app

   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```
   or with npm: 
   ```bash
    npm start
   ```



## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.
